[singing voice] Aniplex.
What the‐‐
The bread I bought's missing
and it's been replaced
by three 100 yen coins.
That supposed
to be some sign of honesty?
[birds chirping]
[Shirou] Tohsaka!
Tohsaka!
[door squeaks]
Hey, are you in here?
I wonder what's in there?
‐ [Tohasaka groaning]
‐ Hmm?
I'm sorry.
I'll just take a little longer.
[Tohsaka groans]
[snoring]
[Saber] Shirou,
are you feeling
any better today?
The numbness on my left side
is completely gone,
but all of it still feels
kind of heavy, you know?
That is excellent news.
[gasps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Saber] Good morning, Rin.
Good morning.
I trust that you slept
quite soundly last night?
Truth be told,
I didn't sleep very well at all,
and someone was making really
loud noises well past midnight.
But anyway,
we're gonna need to go out today
so hurry up and get ready.
[Shirou] What do you mean,
we need to go out?
‐ To where?
‐ Out to the neighboring town.
And what are we gonna do?
[Rin] What else would we do?
We're going to go have some fun,
of course.
You have heard of a date,
haven't you?
I know what a date is,
but who's going on one?
[Rin] Me and you.
I see.
You and I are goin' out
on a date.
Wait, what?
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
[birds chirping]
Shirou!
What's this about you going
on a date with Miss Tohsaka?
It's make it or break it time.
Don't screw it up!
‐ [giggles]
‐ Stop messing around.
Honestly, I have no idea
what's goin' on around here.
Wow, you're so embarrassed!
I'm so jealous!
Oh, to be young and in love.
[engine revving]
You're going out on a date, too,
right, Ms. Fujimura?
You're kidding!
Really?
Yep!
You're not the only one
going out.
Now remember,
I don't wanna hear anything
about you two getting all crazy.
[Taiga] See ya later!
[engine revving]
Okay, we should probably
get going.
‐ Great.
‐ [groans]
‐ [gasps]
‐ All right.
What do you think should be
our first stop?
I don't suppose either
of you have any requests?
I can't really think
of anything,
so no.
I figured.
And you?
No.
I am only here
to ensure Shirou's safety.
Please act as if I
were not here.
Wh‐‐
That'll work.
So what I'm hearing
is that you two
are good
with absolutely submitting
to my will.
You make it sound so sinister.
Anyway, I said that
I'd tag along with you.
I never said anything about
a date.
I just thought it'd be nice
if we could all go out
for a little while and take a‐‐
I'm so sorry,
but to the rest of the world,
that's known as a date.
By the way,
girls really hate it if a guy
doesn't know when to give in.
Oh, yeah?
What girls?
You name one!
[Rin] Oh, what girls indeed.
Shirou?
[groaning]
Fine, whatever, okay!
I'll just tag along
with her wherever she wants.
[cheery music]
[groans]
How is it?
Good, right?
Don't know.
I actually have no idea
either way.
Don't be like that.
You can tell if it's sweet
or not, can't you?
Well, yeah, I guess I'd say
it's sweeter than it looks.
♪♪ ♪♪
Well?
[grunts]
Well, what?
I suppose they don't look
too bad, I guess.
Yes, they make
you look very smart.
‐ Nice.
‐ Thank you.
Now, let's see.
I think these would look great
on you, Saber.
Wow!
I knew those would look sharp.
‐ Okay, now you try these on.
‐ [Shirou grunts]
[both grunt]
[both laughing]
‐ [Rin] Hilarious!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
‐ [Rin laughing]
[laughing continues]
You're not ever gonna catch me
wearing glasses.
Got that?
I already look way too young
as it is now.
Yeah, I suppose you do.
So you know how young you look.
[Rin] If you ask me,
I don't think you have anything
to worry about.
You're perfectly fine as is.
No, I'm not fine at all.
I have to grow a little taller.
That's obvious
from just looking at me.
I think you're
a pretty average height.
[Shirou] What?
I'm not anywhere near average.
I still have to grow to be
at least as tall as Issei.
[Rin] Oh, come on.
Don't worry about any of that.
I think you're still going
to grow a lot taller.
[Shirou] Based on what?
Uh, well, based on‐‐
based on the fact
that you've already got
a pretty solid build
and you should fill out
if you eat right,
and, um,
thanks to the process
of photosynthesis
and the energy of the sun,
you're going to grow good
and tall.
[Shirou groans]
So then, what?
Am I a plant or something now?
[Rin] Wait a minute.
You're not angry at me,
are you?
[Shirou] No, not really.
I'll follow half of your advice.
[Rin] Look,
I can't make any promises
about your height,
but I am willing to bet
that you're gonna
be great‐looking.
What would you think
if I said that was guaranteed?
Huh?
[gasps]
[Rin laughs]
Oh, my gosh.
You're blushing.
I love how you
just can't hide anything.
[grunts]
You are so evil.
[Shirou] Why is it
that you get so much joy
from teasing me all the time?
[Rin] But isn't it obvious?
Because you have all
the best reactions.
That's why.
Don't worry.
I'm done teasing you for now.
Time for the main event.
I wanna hit some balls
outta here!
[metal bat clangs]
[Rin grunting]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Rin] Home run!
[Shirou] 120 an hour?
[grunts]
Shirou, why are you
just standing around like that?
Right, there's no way
I'm letting her one‐up me.
[grunting]
[Saber groans]
[grunts]
Hmm?
Saber?
[grunts]
Wh‐‐What is it, Shirou?
I find it uncomfortable
to be stared at like this.
I had no idea you were such
a sore loser.
I guess I miscalculated,
but how on Earth was I supposed
to know that Saber
would get so obsessed
with competition?
She gets angry
if you go easy on her,
and then gets really angry
if you're too far ahead.
But‐‐but it wasn't just me.
You were also overcome
with competetiveness
against Rin.
Of course.
When the person next
to you answers you hit‐for‐hit,
you get a little worked up,
and you're seriously
way too good
in those batting cages.
What do you do?
Some kinda push up routine
every night before you go
to bed?
I‐‐I do, actually.
I like it.
So what?
Uh, well, I guess...
That's good!
[dramatic piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[both gasping]
[Shirou] That looks great.
You really didn't have
to go through all
this trouble just for us.
Of course I did.
I asked you out,
so it only makes sense that
I pull out all the stops.
Ah.
That clears up one mystery.
This is the reason
you went ahead
and took all
the bread that I bought.
It's funny.
I just assumed you got hungry
in the middle of the night
and ate the whole loaf
by yourself.
You know,
a late night snack.
‐ [Rin] Oh, Emiya.
‐ [gasps]
[Rin] I think maybe
you should shut your mouth
so we can all enjoy our lunch,
yeah?
[Shirou] Oh, right!
I'm sorry.
Of course.
Let's eat.
[Saber] Thank you for the meal,
Rin.
[chomps]
[grunts]
What?
Oh, no.
Please don't say
you don't like spicy food.
No, it's fine.
I'm okay.
The seasoning is super intense
but this is delicious.
[chomps]
Oh, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Uh, you have a little sauce
on your face.
[gasps]
Let me get that for you.
[stammering]
Hey, what are you doing?
Where'd this come from?
[both gasping]
Oh, darn.
I guess I took the joke
a little too far.
I'm sorry.
I guess I couldn't help myself
to see if you'd really react
the way I thought you would.
[chomps]
Whatever.
But just you wait.
Starting tomorrow,
I'm gonna be completely on top
of things.
Oh?
So that means I can go after you
no holds barred
starting tomorrow?
What a relief.
I was starting to get so bored
taking it easy on you all
the time.
Uh, forget I said anything.
I think I need
a little more time
to get used to it,
so if you could keep things
as they are now,
that'd be great.
[Rin] Is that right?
If you say so,
that's fine,
but when you're ready
to level up
you just let me know,
and then I'm really gonna
knock you on your butt.
All you wanna do
is beat me up.
Are you sure you're not
the devil
or something like that?
You are always wearing red.
It's really nice
that you're feeling better now.
Everything back to normal, huh?
I'm so glad.
[grunts]
‐ [Shirou] Hey.
‐ [Rin] Yeah?
I was wondering why you came
to my place yesterday.
And even stayed the night.
[Rin] Uh, well, because‐‐
b‐‐because I felt like it.
That's why.
I just thought it might be
a nice change of pace.
[Shirou] Yeah, it was fun
to have dinner
with everyone last night.
Wasn't it?
Well, it wasn't anything fancy,
but...
Glad you came.
[gasps]
[Rin] W‐‐Well, just wait
a second here.
Don't get the wrong idea
about yesterday.
It's not like I was concerned
about you or anything.
‐ Got it?
‐ [Shirou] I know.
The only reason you came
was to make sure I was okay
'cause you didn't wanna lose
your ally.
[Rin] Y‐‐Yes, that's right.
I'm glad that you see that now.
Thanks.
I appreciate it.
I had absolutely no idea
what you really had in mind,
but the truth is,
you must have been concerned
about me.
[groans]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Taiga] Shirou is going
on dates now.
Can you believe it?
Oh, and Kiritsugu,
do you know a girl named Saber?
She says she's the daughter
of someone you knew abroad.
She made quite the journey just
for the chance to see you.
From abroad, huh?
Too bad.
I guess you never got the chance
to take me there.
[gasps]
[rain pattering]
[brakes hissing]
[engine revving]
[Shirou groans]
Well, we made it.
[Rin] Did you have fun today?
We only got through about half
of what I had planned,
but what'd ya think?
Uh, well I guess I haven't
goofed around like that
in a long time.
[grunts]
Look,
if you really had fun,
you can just come out
and say so,
you know.
Don't you think it's rude after
I played host all day?
Uh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to come off
as rude.
Right.
You're subconsciously
bringing everything
to a grinding halt.
[grunts]
Listen, Emiya.
I don't know what happened
to you in the past,
but if it was so bad,
wouldn't your life be happier
if you just let it go?
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
Shirou, look.
Outside the window.
Hmm?
[Rin] What's wrong?
Don't know.
Something's weird here.
[gasps]
[banging]
[grunts]
The hell?
What's goin' on?
Where are we?
I can't get through to Archer.
I think we're totally sealed in.
[whooshing]
[grunts]
[Saber] Huh?
[grunting]
What the hell are they?
[grunts]
[booming]
[gasps]
[blow lands]
This is not good.
We are only creating more
of them.
‐ [Caster] Yes, precisely.
‐ [both gasping]
[Caster] The more you fight
within my bounded field,
the more mana you will expend
to no avail.
[scoffs]
You're pulling out all the stops
for us,
aren't you?
As long as there's water,
you have an endless supply
of troops.
Fine.
We cut them off at the source,
then.
[Caster] Such a valiant thought.
However, I might have something
you'll want to see
before you attempt
to raise your sword at me,
Saber.
[gasps]
[Shirou] Fujine!
Now you're playing dirty.
What the hell do you want
from us?
My business here
is not with you.
My only interest lies
in that young boy.
Your magic circuits
are quite fascinating.
I'd love to take them from you.
You understand.
I resort to these tactics
because my intent
is to win you over,
not kill you.
All you have to do
is agree to become my puppet.
Then I swear I will refrain
from more violence.
That's a load of nonsense!
I don't wanna hear that
from someone who's acting
all on their own.
That's cute.
Jealous much?
Such a shame, really.
It's too bad that
I have no interest
in perfect omnipotence.
It's imperfect unique abilities
I seek.
What will it be, boy?
Your answer.
[Caster] I see you're
a difficult child.
This should be
a simple decision.
I know what you're thinking,
but no matter how skilled
your Saber is,
she cannot defeat me with my
limitless reserves of mana.
My power is being supplied
to me by all
the denizens of this city.
It's as if I have thousands
upon thousands of masters.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
No!
You wouldn't!
I would.
Humans may be devoid of mana,
but they still have souls,
don't they?
We are soul eaters by nature,
are we not?
By taking mana in the form
of life from our masters,
we may extract
as much as we like.
[shuddering]
Are you listening to me, boy?
You've no chance of winning.
This is my generous offer
to serve me next to Saber.
You let Fujine go.
Were you not listening
to what I just said?
Surrender and she goes free.
You're mine.
The hell I am!
I said let her go!
[gasps]
[Caster] So you have no interest
in working with another master?
[Shirou] I have no interest
in working with you!
[Caster] It appears that I got
on your bad side somehow.
That really is tragic.
If you had decided
to work with me,
I would have been more
than willing
to share the Grail with you.
You got the wrong idea about me!
I decided I would fight
in this war
to stop people like you
from winning.
[Shirou] The Grail has nothing
to do with this!
[giggling]
[cackling]
What's so funny?
Oh, my.
Must have touched a nerve.
But you've only yourself
to blame,
saying things you know
in your heart aren't true.
[Caster] After all,
you're a victim
of the Grail yourself.
The Grail has nothing
to do with this?
Even the act
of saying those words
exposes how much hatred
you truly hold for it.
Is that true?
[Caster] You can't hide anything
from me.
I know what's in your past,
and I know that you
lost everything in the last war.
I know how you were found
by Kiritsugu alone
and surrounded
by flames doing nothing more
than waiting to die.
How you must have suffered,
adopted for the sole purpose
of the next war
and having magic training forced
upon you.
No way.
Emiya, is any of that true?
[Caster] Ah, yes.
The Grail has always been
a focal point
and a constant enemy to you.
It is for that very reason
you have every right
to claim the Grail
as compensation
for what happened,
and the Grail
is as good as mine,
as I'm sure you can imagine.
It would be child's play
to grant your wish
if you said the word.
[Saber] Stop this nonsense!
Everyone knows that the Grail
will not appear
until one servant alone
stands victorious!
Not true.
I know of a way to claim
the Grail
without engaging
in any battles.
It's a useful gift I have.
I sense the inner workings
of the Grail.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Caster] That's right.
And if you
with your powerful mana output
were to assist me
in this task...
I believe I could create
the power to summon
the Grail right now!
[both gasping]
[Caster] This is your last
chance, boy.
You wish to avoid
senseless fighting, right?
Then come and serve me,
Saber's master!
Not a chance.
I will never submit to you!
[gasps]
Have you gone insane?
Do you have any understanding
of the position that you're in?
[Shirou] I won't help a witch
who views people
as nothing more than food!
Your methods are vile and wrong!
And another thing.
I didn't become a mage
'cause somebody else forced me!
It was my choice to do this.
To follow
the old man's footsteps.
A witch?
You just chose to call me
a witch.
So...
I have no use for you, then!
You will now die here!
‐ Why, you‐‐
‐ No, stop!
‐ Don't move!
‐ [gasps]
I beg you.
Just stay where you are.
Shirou, but she‐‐
[gasps]
Oh, my.
I did wonder if you
were completely irrational.
[Caster] But you do understand
your situation,
don't you, boy?
You're a coward!
You can't just kill Shirou
in cold blood!
Of course not.
I'm merely stripping him
of his status as a master.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Caster] You reject
my overtures to join me
but you still wish
to save this girl.
That tells me that you
are prepared
to hand over your command seals.
All right, then.
And how do I do that?
No!
You can't!
Even if you do,
she'll‐‐
Yes, that's right.
I'll just take them arm and all.
[gasps]
That's enough of this.
Shirou!
I won't allow you to continue
to play into Caster's hands!
There's no way
we're letting this happen!
Besides, do you honestly believe
that she'd release a hostage
that easily?
Just take it.
It's what you want!
‐ No!
‐ Dammit, Shirou!
You don't have to go to extremes
like that to help others!
I do!
If my arm
can help save Fujine...
Then I don't even have
to think twice.
[giggles]
[laughing]
You're a truly foolish child,
and you're quite
a nuisance as well!
Now it's time to die!
[blow lands]
[Saber grunts]
‐ [Shirou] No, stop it!
‐ [Saber grunting]
Saber!
[grunts]
[both gasping]
[exhales]
[screaming]
[screams]
Saber!
[shouting]
[Saber groans]
[Caster laughing]
I hope you were enchanted.
This is my Noble Phantasm.
It's the Rule Breaker.
Magic is totally useless
against it.
It'll nullify all magic
in the world!
A dagger of betrayal and denial!
The pact has been forged.
Now I am your master,
and you will find yourself now
as I am.
Time for you
to betray your master
and pledge your sword to me.
[Saber groaning]
[Rin] No way.
You can take a servant
even though you're one yourself?
Yes.
I've made her my familiar,
and Saber now belongs to me!
[sizzling]
All right.
Let me give you
your friend back,
little fool.
Fujine!
[grunts]
Can you hear me?
Are you okay?
Answer me!
‐ [groans]
‐ [gasps]
Oh, thank God.
You know what?
I think I might actually
let you go.
That show of yours
was wonderful.
A little annoying
and over the top for my taste.
However...
So, I suppose this is how things
usually work, then.
‐ That right?
‐ Yes.
Sorry to inform you
that playtime is over.
It's your turn, Saber.
Go strike down Archer's master!
[Saber gasps]
Never!
I'll never obey
the likes of you!
[whooshing]
[groans]
Ah, but I believe that you will,
Saber.
I control these command seals
and you can't defy me
in either body or soul.
[gasps]
Shirou!
Idiot!
[Caster] A tragic pity.
Such a waste, really.
I actually found that little boy
to be quite fascinating.
Now obey my command seal,
Saber.
[gasping]
Run, now!
[gasps]
[Saber] I said run!
[booming]
‐ Fujine!
‐ Come on.
We gotta go!
[gasps]
Saber's anti‐magic
is still effective against
the binding of a command seal?
But nevertheless
you still won't escape!
[Rin gasps]
[blows landing]
[gasping]
[gasps]
It's about time!
Apologies.
Breaking the bounded field
took time.
However, now that I'm inside...
[electric sparking]
Archer, get Ms. Fujimura
outta here!
Now, we won't have
this chance for long!
[gasps]
‐ Saber...
‐ [grunts]
[scoffs]
[Rin] This was all for the best.
I'm grateful you're alive.
You just get some rest for now,
okay?
[Archer] So, while I was
breaking through the field,
Saber was taken.
[Rin] That's all you have
to say?
[Archer] Yes.
Don't discount the fact
that we now know
what Caster's Noble Phantasm is.
In any case,
Caster is as sloppy on
the follow through as always.
Deep down there
might actually be
a decent woman in there.
[Rin] I don't understand why
you don't seem very concerned
about Saber.
I kind of thought you
were rooting for her.
[Archer] Oh, really?
I don't recall ever giving
that impression.
And what exactly would make
you think that, Rin?
Would you believe I picked
it up through a bit
of women's intuition?
[Archer] Not at all.
First of all,
are you even old enough
to qualify as a woman?
You are lacking
in certain voluptuous charms,
and refinement as well.
Additionally‐‐
and this is your most
fatal drawback‐‐
your appeal is difficult
to find.
[Rin giggles]
Well, well.
I'm glad to see you found
your groove again.
Welcome back.
[chuckles]
[Rin] I think we need
to get back
to the topic at hand.
Here's the first piece
of evidence showing
that you were actually rooting
for Saber.
When you initially met Saber,
you went quite easy on her.
No matter how powerful she is,
I just don't believe she could
have gotten the better of you.
Not with your defenses.
Let's just say
she caught me unawares.
I'm just like you.
I'm not good
at unexpected situations.
We're not talking about me.
And now for the second piece
of evidence.
After the incident with Rider,
you clearly tried
to provoke Saber.
That was completely out
of character for you.
There's no two ways about it,
but when I looked at it
from another angle,
it made sense.
The truth is,
you were actually
scolding Saber, right?
Oh, I am right!
I knew I was!
I don't know if you two knew
each other in a previous life,
but it's highly unusual for you
to be so unnecessarily cold
to someone.
You think so?
I'm quite sure I respond
to everyone that way,
regardless of who they happen
to be.
Nobody but you yourself
thinks that way, you know.
So this is how I see it.
[Rin] You're good at almost
everything
but you're so awkward when
it comes to yourself.
You're quite smooth
when dealing with others which
is why nobody else notices.
[groans]
Well?
Have you remembered yet?
Do you know which land's
heroic spirit you are?
If you have a connection
to Saber,
then you must come
from an era near hers.
Sorry,
everything is still quite hazy.
But now that you mention it,
I do have memories
of this Saber,
but she does not seem
to remember me,
so I do not think that we could
have been very close.
Oh.
[Archer] More to the point, Rin,
how is your visitor
that you brought here?
[Rin] Hmm.
Well,
luckily she missed
anything vital,
but it doesn't seem like
his wounds
are healing at all this time.
Since their pact is broken,
he might have lost
the healing ability
he'd been getting from Saber.
[Archer] No, I wasn't talking
about him.
I meant the other one.
[Rin] Oh, uh,
you mean Ms. Fujimura?
I'm betting that Caster put
her under some type
of sleeping spell,
but she's doing very well now.
[Rin] I've treated her so she
can sleep a whole week
without having
any major problems.
[exhales]
But knowing Ms. Fujimura,
she could jump out
of bed any second now.
Perhaps,
but what that woman casts
are fare more curse than spell.
The most efficient way
to break that curse
is to defeat Cater.
I agree.
Killing Caster
is our top priority.
Yes, I know.
If we can I want
to do it before Saber falls
completely under her control.
[Archer] Understood.
So then,
I assume that your pact
with the boy is over now.
What?
Don't give me that "what."
Shirou Emiya is no longer
a master now, right?
[Archer] What's this?
Surely you don't mean
to spend time
and energy looking after him
as some sort of fallen brother.
[Rin] Hardly.
I'm not that big of a softie.
[Archer] What, then?
It's just not over yet.
[Rin] My promise still stands
until he tells me
that he wants out of this war.
I will reject him.
However, nothing is over until
he explicitly says
to my face that he wants out.
Rin.
That is my decision, Archer.
[Rin] I trust you have
no problems with it?
There's nothing I can do.
I know painfully well what sort
of person you are.
We need not discuss it further.
[giggles]
All right, then.
Let's go.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
[Shirou] Where am I?
[groans]
Oh!
[groaning]
[grunts]
I'm all alone here.
Is everyone gone?
[grunts]
Damn.
She must be out there fighting
by herself right now.
[gasps]
Geez.
When Tohsaka sees this...
She'll be mad.
[exhales]
Wait a sec.
This looks familiar.
That's right.
It's the same as the one
from that night.
[Rin] Oh, no.
Why are you here?
Why did you have
to pick this hour
on this day to be here?
Yes, there's still a way.
[Shirou] Oh, crap.
What the hell?
Debts and favors.
She's always talking
about those.
This debt...
This is one I'll never be able
to repay!
Tohsaka.
[Caster] Are you even listening
to me, Assassin?
I said I wanted you
to continue guarding
the front gate.
Do you understand?
[Assassin] There was something.
An intruder, you see.
I spotted an unusual bird
so I struck it down.
Is this something used
by your kind?
[Caster] Yes,
it's a familiar used for spying.
[glass shattering]
Huh.
That young lady really
has terrible luck.
If she were slightly
less talented
I may have considered taking
her on as a pupil.
I leave my master's defense
to you, Assassin.
I trust you will guard
the gate with your life.
You know,
since I was summoned,
I have never truly felt
that I was fully alive
deep inside myself.
Ordering such a person
to do anything
to death is rather useless,
is it not?
I'm not going
to quibble with you.
Remember that you are a servant
that I summoned.
If you will not or cannot
pledge fealty to your lord,
I shall eliminate you right now.
Oh, I see.
Someone is touchy.
[Assassin] My life
is as ephemeral as vapor,
but I don't want it extinguished
just yet.
After all,
I am still committed
to upholding the promise I made.
Then remember that
and hold your tongue.
Your concern is in guarding
this place and nothing else.
And guard it I shall.
[Assassin] But do you think
this wise, Caster?
I am also disloyal
to my lord,
but you are acting
on your own authority
far too much.
Is your errand tonight also
without your master's knowledge?
[squelching]
[groans]
Day by day you overstep
your bounds ever
and ever farther.
You go too far.
That's enough of that.
The next time you make me
repeat myself,
I'll destroy you
without waiting out
the next five days.
Oh, dear.
The saying that women
and children are difficult
to manage turns out to be true,
I see.
You need not worry.
I understand.
All is to be carried out without
your master's knowledge, right?
Yours is truly
the touching tale.
I can only hope that your love
for your lord can somehow
find its way through
to that man.
Assassin, you mind your words.
[Assassin] I am a sore loser.
Allow me these poor excuses
for jests.
On my blade,
I swear that I shall protect
this gate from all things,
but tell me,
where will you be
while I'm here?
Is it that you do not trust
my protection?
[Caster] Of course not.
You are nothing more
than my insurance plan,
but I no longer require that.
Now that Saber's mine
it's no longer necessary for me
to use this place as my temple.
[Assassin] Hmm.
A change of location?
Which means that you
will have no further use for me.
There's a sacred spot superior
to this mountain?
[Caster] Yes.
Actually, there's a place
that suits me perfectly.
Now I'm off to claim
my prize earlier than planned.
I have a new fortification
plus the Grail,
and also the addition of Saber
as my pawn.
Even my usually‐reserved master
won't be able
to find a way to object
to my plans.
And once I have the Grail,
I will have no reason
to fear anything.
Yes.
No one will be able
to stand against me,
no matter how powerful they are!
[laughing]
[sizzling]
Hello, Caster.
[Caster] I guess I should say,
"How do you do,
my good overseer
of this fully mad ritual?"
What is it you want, Caster?
You know that this place
is neutral territory.
Regardless of which
heroic spirit they may be,
no servant may be allowed entry
into this space.
It seems the rules have changed.
Mm?
What?
[Kirei] Command seals?
[gasping]
[Kirei] Saber!
You see,
Saber is now my sweet puppet,
and I hope you know
what that means.
[Caster] The outcome
of this war
is as good as decided.
Is there any reason why
I wouldn't be able
to simply claim my prize now?
Indeed there is.
The Grail will not appear until
a single servant
stands victorious.
I find it hard to believe you
were not made aware of this
when you were summoned
into existence.
[Caster] Oh,
the Grail did say that.
It ordered me to slay
the other heroic spirits
if I wanted to activate
the Grail myself.
But that refers only
to the greater Grail,
does it not?
[gasps]
So, tell me where
the lesser Grail is.
You priests are the ones
who keep the key to the Grail.
[Caster] Isn't that right?
[Kirei] There
is no Holy Grail here.
Do you wish to die now, Priest?
[scoffs]
You shouldn't try so hard.
[Kirei] You can't hide
your true self,
Princess of Colchis.
You don't have the stomach
for raw brutality.
[rumbling]
[booming]
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
[blows landing]
[grunts]
You just want me
to stand by and watch, right?
[Lancer] Don't worry.
I'm not gonna interrupt you.
[breathing heavily]
[winces]
[Caster] This era has its share
of fine warriors,
too, I see.
[laughs]
I can't help but wonder,
how long will his luck hold out?
[Shirou breathing labored]
[groaning]
Dammit, Tohsaka.
Where are you?
[groans]
[grunts]
[Rin] What?
Why are you here?
Just go home now.
I don't know what you're trying
to prove,
but you're only getting
in my way.
I won't go.
I promised I'd fight
by your side, remember?
[Rin] Forget about
that stupid promise.
Anyway,
what could you possibly do
in the shape you're in now?
You've lost Saber.
I know.
Besides,
there isn't any need
for you to continue fighting.
You're simply not
a master anymore.
Why don't you go take shelter
in the church?
Have you lost your mind?
There's no way in hell
I can leave Saber like that!
[Shirou] No matter what happens
from here on out,
I'm gonna fight
to the bitter end!
[wincing]
[Rin] I told you so.
Your injuries
had been healed thanks
to Saber,
but without her,
this is what you get.
[winces]
[Rin] And truth be told,
for all of your talk
about Saber,
what happens to her
is no longer any
of your concern.
You're wrong!
So what if I'm not a master?
Saber,
she‐‐she hated what happened.
[Shirou] No way
am I gonna let her
be somebody's fool like that.
I see.
[Rin] The problem
is that you're powerless.
You got that?
If you still refuse
to accept the facts here,
then I guess I have
to spell it out for you.
As you are right now,
you will never be capable
of helping Saber.
[breathing heavily]
[Rin] I'm afraid there
isn't anything more to say.
You've lost Saber
and you're no longer a master.
There's no reason for you
to be involved
in the Holy Grail War anymore.
Do you understand?
You should bow out now.
Wait a minute!
Stop right there!
[Shirou] Even if that's true...
Idiot, what are you thinking?
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
[LiSA's "THIS ILLUSION"]
[gasps]
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
[silently mouthing]
♪♪ ♪♪
Stay out of this
from now on.
Or you're dead.
[grunts]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]